Fix links to make them all accessible (#1690)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/extend_kedro/common_use_cases.md

## Use Case 3: How to add or modify CLI commands

> If you want to customise a built-in Kedro command, such as `kedro run`, for a specific project, add a `cli.py` file that defines a custom `run()` function. You should add the `cli.py` file at the same level as `settings.py`, which is usually the `src/PROJECT_NAME` directory. See [the template for the `cli.py` file](../development/commands_reference.md#customise-or-override-project-specific-kedro-commands).

Author: No worries, thank you for catching these out. 👍

> If you want to customise a built-in Kedro command, such as `kedro run`, for a specific project, add a `cli.py` file that defines a custom `run()` function. You should add the `cli.py` file at the same level as `settings.py`, which is usually the `src/PROJECT_NAME` directory. Find the [template for the `cli.py` file](../development/commands_reference.md#customise-or-override-project-specific-kedro-commands).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the template for the `cli.py` file](../development/commands_reference.md#customise-or-override-project-specific-kedro-commands).
```
Make it less of a command. :)

    == ADD YOUR CUSTOM NOTEBOOK COMMAND CODE HERE ==
```

> To inject additional CLI commands intended to be reused across projects, please refer to [our plugins system](./plugins.md). An example of one such command is the `kedro viz` command introduced by the official [Kedro-Viz plugin](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-viz). This command is intended to work on every Kedro project and therefore must be a standalone plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To inject additional CLI commands intended to be reused across projects, please refer to [our plugin system](./plugins.md). An example of one such command is the `kedro viz` command introduced by the [Kedro-Viz plugin](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-viz). This command is intended to work on every Kedro project and therefore must be a standalone plugin.
```
(or include "official" in the link name, as when talking about starters below)
